ctcgfw/luci-theme-argon-master/README.md, before:

# luci-theme-argon ([中文](/README_ZH.md))

[1]: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-brightgreen.svg
[2]: /LICENSE
[3]: https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg
[4]: https://github.com/jerrykuku/luci-theme-argon/pulls
[5]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Issues-welcome-brightgreen.svg
[6]: https://github.com/jerrykuku/luci-theme-argon/issues/new
[7]: https://img.shields.io/badge/release-v2.2.4-blue.svg?
[8]: https://github.com/jerrykuku/luci-theme-argon/releases
[9]: https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/jerrykuku/luci-theme-argon/total
[10]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Contact-telegram-blue
[11]: https://t.me/jerryk6
[![license][1]][2]
[![PRs Welcome][3]][4]
[![Issue Welcome][5]][6]
[![Release Version][7]][8]
[![Release Count][9]][8]
[![Contact Me][10]][11]

![](/Screenshots/screenshot_pc.jpg)
![](/Screenshots/screenshot_phone.jpg)

A new Luci theme for LEDE/OpenWRT  
Argon is a clean HTML5 theme for LuCI. It is based on luci-theme-material and Argon Template  

## Notice 

v2.x.x Adapt to official mainline snapshot.  
You can checkout branch 18.06 for OpenWRT 18.06 or lean 19.07.

## Update log 2020.08.21 v2.2.4

- 【v2.2.4】Fix the problem that the login background cannot be displayed on some phones.
- 【v2.2.4】Remove the dependency of luasocket.
- 【v2.2.3】Fix Firmware flash page display error in dark mode.
- 【v2.2.3】Update font icon, add a default icon of undefined menu.
- 【v2.2.2】Add custom login background,put your image (allow png jpg gif) or MP4 video into /www/luci-static/argon/background, random change.
- 【v2.2.2】Add force dark mode, login ssh and type "touch /etc/dark" to open dark mode.
- 【v2.2.2】Add a volume mute button for video background, default is muted.
- 【v2.2.2】fix login page when keyboard show the bottom text overlay the button on mobile.
- 【v2.2.2】fix select color in dark mode,and add a style for scrollbar.
- 【v2.2.2】jquery update to v3.5.1.
- 【v2.2.2】change request bing api method form wget to luasocket (DEPENDS).
- 【v2.2.1】Add blur effect for login form.
- 【v2.2.1】New login theme, Request background imge from bing.com, Auto change everyday.
- 【v2.2.1】New theme icon.
- 【v2.2.1】Add more menu category  icon.
- 【v2.2.1】Fix font-size and padding margin.
- 【v2.2.1】Restructure css file.
- 【v2.2.1】Auto adapt to dark mode.

## How to build

Enter in your openwrt/package/lean or other

### Lean lede

```
cd lede/package/lean  
rm -rf luci-theme-argon  
git clone -b 18.06 https://github.com/jerrykuku/luci-theme-argon.git  
make menuconfig #choose LUCI->Theme->Luci-theme-argon  
make -j1 V=s  
```

### Openwrt official SnapShots

```
cd openwrt/package
git clone https://github.com/jerrykuku/luci-theme-argon.git  
make menuconfig #choose LUCI->Theme->Luci-theme-argon  
make -j1 V=s  
```

## How to Install 

### For Lean openwrt 18.06 LuCI

```
wget --no-check-certificate https://github.com/jerrykuku/luci-theme-argon/releases/download/v1.6.9/luci-theme-argon_1.6.9-20200821_all.ipk
opkg install luci-theme-argon*.ipk
```

### For openwrt official 19.07 Snapshots LuCI master

```
wget --no-check-certificate https://github.com/jerrykuku/luci-theme-argon/releases/download/v2.2.4/luci-theme-argon_2.2.4-20200821_all.ipk
opkg install luci-theme-argon*.ipk
```

## Thanks to

luci-theme-material: https://github.com/LuttyYang/luci-theme-material/

Commit message:

luci-theme-argon-master:bump tp 2.2.5

ctcgfw/luci-theme-argon-master/README.md, after:

# luci-theme-argon ([中文](/README_ZH.md))

[1]: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-brightgreen.svg
[2]: /LICENSE
[3]: https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg
[4]: https://github.com/jerrykuku/luci-theme-argon/pulls
[5]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Issues-welcome-brightgreen.svg
[6]: https://github.com/jerrykuku/luci-theme-argon/issues/new
[7]: https://img.shields.io/badge/release-v2.2.5-blue.svg?
[8]: https://github.com/jerrykuku/luci-theme-argon/releases
[9]: https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/jerrykuku/luci-theme-argon/total
[10]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Contact-telegram-blue
[11]: https://t.me/jerryk6
[![license][1]][2]
[![PRs Welcome][3]][4]
[![Issue Welcome][5]][6]
[![Release Version][7]][8]
[![Release Count][9]][8]
[![Contact Me][10]][11]

![](/Screenshots/screenshot_pc.jpg)
![](/Screenshots/screenshot_phone.jpg)

A new Luci theme for LEDE/OpenWRT  
Argon is a clean HTML5 theme for LuCI. It is based on luci-theme-material and Argon Template  

## Notice 
It is strongly recommended to use the Chrome browser. Some new css3 features are used in the theme, and currently only Chrome has the best compatibility.
The mainline version of IE series currently has bugs to be resolved.
FireFox does not enable the backdrop-filter by default, see here for the opening method: https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/CSS/backdrop-filter

v2.x.x Adapt to official mainline snapshot.  
You can checkout branch 18.06 for OpenWRT 18.06 or lean 19.07.

## 更新日志 2020.09.13 v2.2.5

- 【v2.2.5】New config app for argon theme. You can set the blur and transparency of the login page of argon theme, and manage the background pictures and videos.[Chrome is recommended] [Download](https://github.com/jerrykuku/luci-app-argon-config/releases/download/v0.8-beta/luci-app-argon-config_0.8-beta_all.ipk)
- 【v2.2.5】Automatically set as the default theme when compiling.
- 【v2.2.5】Modify the file structure to adapt to luci-app-argon-config. The old method of turning on dark mode is no longer applicable, please use it with luci-app-argon-config.
- 【v2.2.5】Adapt to Koolshare lede 2.3.6。
- 【v2.2.5】Fix some Bug。
- 【v2.2.4】Fix the problem that the login background cannot be displayed on some phones.
- 【v2.2.4】Remove the dependency of luasocket.
- 【v2.2.3】Fix Firmware flash page display error in dark mode.
- 【v2.2.3】Update font icon, add a default icon of undefined menu.
- 【v2.2.2】Add custom login background,put your image (allow png jpg gif) or MP4 video into /www/luci-static/argon/background, random change.
- 【v2.2.2】Add force dark mode, login ssh and type "touch /etc/dark" to open dark mode.
- 【v2.2.2】Add a volume mute button for video background, default is muted.
- 【v2.2.2】fix login page when keyboard show the bottom text overlay the button on mobile.
- 【v2.2.2】fix select color in dark mode,and add a style for scrollbar.
- 【v2.2.2】jquery update to v3.5.1.
- 【v2.2.2】change request bing api method form wget to luasocket (DEPENDS).
- 【v2.2.1】Add blur effect for login form.
- 【v2.2.1】New login theme, Request background imge from bing.com, Auto change everyday.
- 【v2.2.1】New theme icon.
- 【v2.2.1】Add more menu category  icon.
- 【v2.2.1】Fix font-size and padding margin.
- 【v2.2.1】Restructure css file.
- 【v2.2.1】Auto adapt to dark mode.

## How to build

Enter in your openwrt/package/lean or other

### Lean lede

```
cd lede/package/lean  
rm -rf luci-theme-argon  
git clone -b 18.06 https://github.com/jerrykuku/luci-theme-argon.git  
make menuconfig #choose LUCI->Theme->Luci-theme-argon  
make -j1 V=s  
```

### Openwrt official SnapShots

```
cd openwrt/package
git clone https://github.com/jerrykuku/luci-theme-argon.git  
make menuconfig #choose LUCI->Theme->Luci-theme-argon  
make -j1 V=s  
```

## How to Install 

### For Lean openwrt 18.06 LuCI

```
wget --no-check-certificate https://github.com/jerrykuku/luci-theme-argon/releases/download/v1.7.0/luci-theme-argon_1.7.0-20200909_all.ipk
opkg install luci-theme-argon*.ipk
```

### For openwrt official 19.07 Snapshots LuCI master

```
wget --no-check-certificate https://github.com/jerrykuku/luci-theme-argon/releases/download/v2.2.5/luci-theme-argon_2.2.5-20200914_all.ipk
opkg install luci-theme-argon*.ipk
```

## Thanks to

luci-theme-material: https://github.com/LuttyYang/luci-theme-material/
